fix Struct.toFields() (#1124)
o1-labs/o1js: CHANGELOG.md

    _Removed_ for now removed features.
    _Fixed_ for any bug fixes.
    _Security_ in case of vulnerabilities.

 -->

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/o1-labs/o1js/compare/c2f392fe5...HEAD)

### Breaking changes

- Changes to some verification keys caused by changing the way `Struct` orders object properties. https://github.com/o1-labs/o1js/pull/1124 [@Comdex](https://github.com/Comdex)

>   - Existing verification keys and behaviour can be recovered by changing the order of properties in your Struct definitions to be alphabetical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can recover existing verification keys and behavior by changing the order of properties in your Struct definitions to be alphabetical
```

Reviewer: @mitschabaude, thanks for the changelog updates.

>   - Also removes the `customObjectKeys` option from `Struct`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `customObjectKeys` option is removed from `Struct`
```
